Add the ability to remove a runtime field (#68992)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/runtime.asciidoc

}
----

> Runtime fields can be updated at any point in time: whenever a runtime field
> is added with the same name as an already existing field, the new field will
> overwrite the existing one.
> Existing runtime fields can also be removed from the index mappings by setting
> them to null as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update or remove runtime fields at any time. To replace an existing runtime field, add a new runtime field to the mappings with the same name. To remove a runtime field from the mappings, set the value of the runtime field to `null`:
```
